Add documentation for Hubspot OAuth (#937)
grouparoo/www.grouparoo.com: pages/docs/integrations/grouparoo-hubspot.mdx

  </tablebody>
</table>

To find or create an API key for HubSpot, your HubSpot account must have Super Admin Permissions. Navigate to Settings > Integrations > API Key. Only one API key is allowed per HubSpot account and this key gives full developer access to make changes to the account via API. You will need to **Show** then **Copy** the API key from this page. There are also options for rotating out or deleting the key associated with your account.

<ImageInBrowserFrame
  src="/images/docs/integrations/hubspot/setup/setup-1.png"
  alt="finding API key"
  width={733}
  height={106}
/>

For more information on options for keeping your API Key secure, visit our documentation
on [secrets](/docs/deployment/secrets).

### Setup with OAuth

With OAuth, you will grant permissions to Hubspot with a user account and store a Refresh Token that will be used to generate requests.
Click the "Request Token" button to start the process.

<ImageInBrowserFrame
  src="/images/docs/integrations/hubspot/setup/setup-2.png"
  alt="HubSpot App Options"
  width={733}
  height={526}
/>

> If the token becomes invalid, you can always return to the app page to re-request a new token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the token becomes invalid, you can revisit the App page to request a new one.
```
